h1. Assembler

A unified dashboard for Assembla Spaces on an Ajax-PHP framework (Evocatio).

This dashboard will pull from all Spaces that the user defined in the settings has access too.

h3. Nick Breslin, Etiquette Studio

E-Mail: "nickbreslin@gmail.com":mailto:nickbreslin@gmail.com
Twitter: "@EtiquetteStudio":http://twitter.com/#!/EtiquetteStudio
Web Site: "etiquettestudio.com":http://www.etiquettestudio.com

h2. Setup

h3. Settings File

Copy /config/settings.txt to /config/settings.ini. This settings file is ignored by git and will not be committed back into the project.

Enter your Assembla username and password to be used when querying Assembla for results.
<pre>assembla.username = ASSEMBLA_USERNAME
assembla.password = ASSEMBLA_PASSWORD
</pre>

If you have APC installed, you can modify the cache expiry for apc. It's default is 600 seconds (10 minutes).
<pre>apc.expiry = 600
</pre>


h3. Log File

If logging is turned on, you'll need an access.log and error.log in the /logs/ directory. This can be changed in /lib/core/log.php

h2. License

* Source under "MIT license":http://copyfree.org/licenses/mit/license.txt.
* cupcake.ico (favicon), credited to "Patrizio ;archesan":http://www.favicon.cc/?action=icon_list&user_id=9258 from favicon.cc under Creative Commons license.
* Third-party resources (jQuery, Bootstrap) include details for their own licenses.

h2. Releases & Changelog

h3. v0.3 - Links Release

* Ticket icon now links to the related ticket on Assembla.

h3. v0.2 - APC Release

* Optional APC Caching (if installed) of curl calls to Assembla.

h3. v0.1 - Alpha Release

* Initial public release.
* Search by Status (All, Open, Closed)
* Search by Timeframe (All Time, This Week, Next Week)
* Group By (User, Project, Both)
* Loads search result async.